---
layout: post
title: The Beginning
subtitle: From Soleyman Cloud Academy
cover-img: /assets/img/intro-pic.jpeg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [AWS, cloud]
author: Isaac Kim
---

Hello, Everyone! 

I hope everyone is at a good place in life and if we are not then I hope things will get better for us all. I am sort of new to this blogging but with everything becoming digital I think it would be a good idea to leave some semblence of myself online. That does not give away too much information or anything that I think I would be a waste if it was not shared to anyone who happened to come upon this blog. I don't know how often I will be doing this but I hope that this will allow someone in the near or far future to know they are not alone in that moment when they are trying something new. I have some experience in the tech field as I would have a decent amount of experience troubleshooting problems with computers and laptops but I figured I could take this gift that I had a step further in helping others who are a bit hesitant in doing it themselves. However, I became arrogant in thinking that was enough to get a job. Right now not only would having a internship, certification would be considered normal. You would have to have your own projects, code everyday or something similar I believe if you want to be hired. Sadly I was too focused on having fun in college and not preparing myself for the job market that I couldn't capitalize on all the experiences that I had from college, giving tech support in places where I worked, and developing the relationships that I made for future job opportunities. There is a lot of things that I regret but since time has passed I am gonna put in the effort to where companies would want to hire me. Of course, I am also beginning to realize that is also not what I want out of my relationships. I think not all relationships should not center around what I can benefit from it, but how can I bring others with me in promotions, bonuses, ethic, just anything that would allow those around me to receive the opportunities or benefits that I received. It is a lonely world up at the top and it would be difficult to do everything by myself so having a good support group or people you can trust is I feel something worth working towards. I have been doing some research into the employers who are hiring and they are very dissatisfied with the Gen Zer's who are uncommunitative and I say maybe a little naive in expecting what they want from their job. Which is to say it's not all the people born in that generation including myself but I am aware that due to technology being the most accessible it has ever been, parents didn't really know what was best for them at that time or it wasn't widely known what were the consequences going to become after time passed. What would the generation look like and how were they going to act once they became an adult. Gen Z is known as one of the loneliest generation and I hope in the future that can be turned around for the better. 
